Introduce build/reload request (#135)
build-server-protocol/build-server-protocol: docs/specification.md

export interface InitializedBuildParams {}
```

### Reload request

> The `reload` request instructs the build server to reload the build configuration.

Reviewer: Normally, the request/notification descriptions explicitly say whether its sent from the client or server.

```suggestion
The `reload` request is sent from the client to instruct the build server to reload the build configuration.
```

Author: added it!
